README.md, before:

# WorldQuizz

[WorldQuizz](https://brrunaribeiro.github.io/project-2/)

World Quizz was created with the intention to bring general knowledge about Travel, Geography and Local Curiosity. 
You will find the questions not difficult to answer, it's probably things you already heard of back in school or while traveling yourself, otherwise, you just aggregated knowledge.

You have one question, and three options for answer, from which only one is correct. A countdown timer is at the top-right corner, you have 10 seconds to answer the question.
There are 5 questions in total. 
An alert will display your score based on how many questions you answered correctly out of 5.

![WorldQuizz](..\assets\images\project-screenshot1.webp)

## Features

The Quizz was build to aggregate knowledge. You will find the questions easy to answer, and be able to learn small bits of information, worldwide curiosities and facts, while playing an interesting and fun game. 

### Existing Features

__Navigation Bar__

- Responsive navigation bar featuring Logo with a link to the Home page and a link to "Exit" the game.
- This section will allow the user to navigate through the Quiz easily.

__User Inputs page__

- The index page consists of a User Input, where the name and age will be validated prior to starting the game.
- If both the name and age are provided, you can either start the quizz or see the tutorial with the instructions on how to play.

![UserInput](..\assets\images\project-screenshot2.webp)

__Start Button__

- This button starts the Quiz after validating the User's Inputs. 
- Featuring a :hover animation.

__Question and Answers Section__

- In this section, the question is presented with 3 options for answer. Only one of them is the correct answer.

__Timer__

- A timer function has been added to give the User 10 second to select the correct answer. 

![Question and Answer options with Timer](..\assets\images\project-screenshot3.webp)


### Features to be implemented

__Leader Board__
    
- This feature will allow the User to see how friends and family scored and display a leader board depending on your scores.

- Share button to let the user share their score with friends and family with invitation to play the quiz.

## Testing

* W3C Validator - Passed
* W3C CSS Validator - Passed
* Wave - Passed

## Manual Testing



## Bugs

### Known Bugs

- Timer is not working properly even with ClearTimerInterval being adjusted.

### Fixed bugs


## Credits

[Uiverse](https://uiverse.io/) - Start Button.

[W3C](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_hide_arrow_number.asp) - Remove default appearance of the input field with "Number" type.
    
### Media

__WireFrames__: [MarvelApp](https://marvelapp.com/prototype/bj49j2h)

__Favicon__: [FavIcon Generator](https://favicon.io/)


### Acknowledgements

- My Mentor - For all the support and knowledge shared throughout the development of this project.

Commit message:

Add function to randomize the questions and make sure the same question will not be presented twice

README.md, after:

# WorldQuizz

[WorldQuizz](https://brrunaribeiro.github.io/project-2/)

World Quizz was created with the intention to bring general knowledge about Travel, Geography and Local Curiosity. 
You will find the questions not difficult to answer, it's probably things you already heard of back in school or while traveling yourself, otherwise, you just aggregated knowledge.

You have one question, and three options for answer, from which only one is correct. A countdown timer is at the top-right corner, you have 10 seconds to answer the question.
There are 5 questions in total. 
An alert will display your score based on how many questions you answered correctly out of 5.

![WorldQuizz](..\assets\images\project-screenshot1.webp)

## Features

The Quizz was build to aggregate knowledge. You will find the questions easy to answer, and be able to learn small bits of information, worldwide curiosities and facts, while playing an interesting and fun game. 

### Existing Features

__Navigation Bar__

- Responsive navigation bar featuring Logo with a link to the Home page and a link to "Exit" the game.
- This section will allow the user to navigate through the Quiz easily.

__User Inputs page__

- The index page consists of a User Input, where the name and age will be validated prior to starting the game.
- If both the name and age are provided, you can either start the quizz or see the tutorial with the instructions on how to play.

![UserInput](..\assets\images\project-screenshot2.webp)

__Start Button__

- This button starts the Quiz after validating the User's Inputs. 
- Featuring a :hover animation.

__Question and Answers Section__

- In this section, the question is presented with 3 options for answer. Only one of them is the correct answer.

__Timer__

- A timer function has been added to give the User 10 second to select the correct answer. 

![Question and Answer options with Timer](..\assets\images\project-screenshot3.webp)


### Features to be implemented

__Leader Board__
    
- This feature will allow the User to see how friends and family scored and display a leader board depending on your scores.

- Share button to let the user share their score with friends and family with invitation to play the quiz.

## Testing

* W3C Validator - Passed
* W3C CSS Validator - Passed
* Wave - Passed

## Manual Testing



## Bugs

### Known Bugs

- Timer is not working properly even with ClearTimerInterval being adjusted.

### Fixed bugs


## Credits

[Uiverse](https://uiverse.io/) - Start Button.

[W3C](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_hide_arrow_number.asp) - Remove default appearance of the input field with "Number" type.

[GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/shuffle-a-given-array-using-fisher-yates-shuffle-algorithm/) - Assisted to biuld the function to randomize the questions.

### Media

__WireFrames__: [MarvelApp](https://marvelapp.com/prototype/bj49j2h)

__Favicon__: [FavIcon Generator](https://favicon.io/)


### Acknowledgements

- My Mentor - For all the support and knowledge shared throughout the development of this project.
